Great, so we have our endpoint at the beginning of our edit set right there, and then we have our
outpoint at the end of our edit set to right after when the end of our edit ends.
OK, so we have everything selected that we want to have in our export.
Now I'm going to hit command M or you can go to file for export and export media.
And because this was shot at four K for me, I'm going to go to the YouTube for K because in this situation,
that's where the video would be living.
I wanted outputted at full resolution for K living on YouTube.
If it's for you, you know, can be the ten ATP version, whatever it is.
But I'm going to click this.
I'm going to go to render out maximum bit depth and I'm going to go do render at maximum quality.
And as you can see, this preset is a slightly different aspect ratio of our original source material.
Now, to get around that, we can either scale up our video to fill the frame, which is going to get
rid of those black bars on the top in the bottom, or we can match the source original pixels, which
is what I'm going to do in this situation.
So I'm going to hit match source.
Then you can just see you went to four thousand nine hundred and four thousand ninety six pixels by
two thousand one hundred sixty pixels pixels, which is the original aspect ratio of these actual files.
And I'm going to set the destination and output name.
So we're going to go to the project where this is I'm going to create a folder, twilit exports, and
it's going to save promo video, version one.
OK.
And then I'm going to hit export and we will check out our final edit.
And that does it for our promo edit chapter.
So in this chapter, we learn how to use multicam.
We learn how to use unusable viro footage to create really cool, fast transition cutaways.
What else do we do?
We did remapping.
We did speed and duration changes to our clips.
We flipped some clips to reverse the orientation.
We learn more about scaling up and scaling, zooming in and zooming out at certain times.
We did masking and created more glitchy stuff.
Right, because it was really perfect for this kind of high energy video that also looks professional.
We didn't get too far with adding the stylizing, but they look pretty unique.
And then we synched up some of those distorted overlays to a really cool audio visual marriage between
those two things.
And we did our lot and we did an ending card with a little bit of mini sound design at the end to cap
off our promo video.
So now let's take a second or a minute to watch our promo edit that we created together.
If yours is done, be sure to export it and share it so that the rest of the students can see the project
that you can created.
And I can give you some feedback on the project.
If you didn't download the footage, you know, footage is there with the same audio that I used, with
the same overlays that I added.
So you can grab that.
Use it for this project.
Use it for other future projects, however you like to do it.
Yeah.
Let's hop into looking at the final edit that we did and then we'll move to the next chapter.
Let me just.
Whoo!
Yes, so there you have it.
I hope you took away a lot from this chapter, and I'm excited to hop into the next chapter where we're
going to do another professional level project where I'm going to be supplying you again with the footage
and assets.
And together we're going to edit a high end real estate walk through.
I think this place that I shot this walkthrough of is like a 30 million dollar real estate property.
So it should be really fun.
EDIT We're going to choose the music, we're going to choose the shots, we're going to assemble the
edit together and should be a lot of new learning and techniques in this chapter.
So I will see you there.